.
I finished with Mitch.
No.
Oh, shit.
Hi! I'm back!
I'm single now.
(all squeal)
I am fucking buzzing.
You what?
Why the hell are you back with that
fucking arsehole? You all right?
I'm finding it impossible
to have a good time
with people who just don't accept
my boyfriend.Hi!
Fucking fresh fanny? Scott's the one
who will fuck you over.
That's why I'm in love with him.
Don't worry. I won't go near Scott.
What happened to girl code?
Oi, oi.
Me and Martin have shagged.
It's a big-un.
Part-ay!
No lad gets to treat me like a mug
and gets away with it.
Fuck you.I cannot believe
the kid has grassed me up.
The two newbies can suck me
clean off.
(all squeal)
Fuck. This is not going well.
Did I just see Marnie kiss Marty?
You've been all over him! She knows
not to go there, you fucking bitch.
(shouting)
I've got Chloe's back on this one.
(all shouting) I feel so bad that me
and Charlotte got physical.
I'm sorry. There's a friendship
worth salvaging.
I need to get out of this bed.
I've never seen him this stressed.
Enough's enough. I'm off.
I should have a degree
in pulling women.
I would never kiss anyone
without a six pack.
I'm a natural beauty.
Real boobs, real hair.
Get me in this house,
I'm gonna tear it up.
I wrap the lads
round my little finger.
I'm preened to perfection.
I'm totally crackers, me, like.
I'm cheeky, colourful
and full of mischief.
My banter's pure naughty.
I'm fake, I'm flirty
and I've got double Fs.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
Good morning, campers.
Morning. Did yous two do anything
last night?
No, mate. She tried to wank us off
about five times. Whatever.
I'm happy that I've woken up
next to Marty
but I haven't talked to Marnie yet.
This is the worst argument
I've had with Marnie.
It's the longest we've not speaked.
I can see why Chloe's pissed off
with Marnie
but their friendship means more
than a stupid kiss with a boy.
Where's Chloe, then?
She stayed in the bed with Marty.
It's obvious that she likes him.
Yeah. I don't know if I'm gonna be
as close to Chloe as we have been.
Nah.
The other night I flirted with Marty
to get back at Aaron
and Chloe made a massive deal
about it.
If she'd told us that she liked him,
it wouldn't have happened.
I think she needs to start
being honest
about how she feels about people.
Did yous sort things out?
Yeah.
No more fights, yeah?
No. Never, never.
Couldn't have done another day,
it was awful.
Me and Marnie have fought in the
past but this time it turned nasty.
Marnie might look cute
but she fights dirty.
Is it weird Gary not being here?
I did miss him last night.
I was very, very upset about that.
Waking up with Gary not being here
is horrible.
It's just not like him
to leave like that.
I just hope he's OK.
I think we need some fun,
fresh air and freedom.
With us girls fighting
and Gary leaving the house,
we all need something
to cheer us up.
And I think I've got just the plan.
I thought we could go to the beach.
The beach? Really, Charlotte?
It's colder than a penguin's arse
out there, for fuck's sake.
Are yous up for it?
Yeah.Yeah, let's do it.
Since finding out
Scott is a massive bell-end,
it's been hard living in the house
with him
so getting out
hopefully will change my mood.
Come on, then, girls. Howay, lads!
We get to the beach, nice fresh air
in my lungs and I'm not gonna lie,
it feels so good to get out
that fucking house.
(all screaming)
Go, Scott! Go, Scott!
Who won? This may be a family day
out to the beach
but what's canny awkward
is Chantelle still isn't speaking
with us. Fucking bothered.
Whah! Us girls have been bottling up
our emotions for far too long
so I've come up with the perfect way
to let it all out.
We want you to get
all of the anger out.
Shout into the sea
and watch it get washed away.
I'll give anything a go
to make us feel better about Scott.
Fuck you, Scott!
I really don't wanna see your face
again.
Cos you're a fucking piece of shit!
(both laugh)
I do feel for Chantelle
but I did warn her.
Scott will not change for anyone.
So fuck you and now I'm gonna be
happy and no fucking drama!
I put a brave face on for the girls
and let them think that it helped
but really it was a load of bollocks.
I feel better, I feel emotional.
Charlotte, go.
Er, right.
Go on, you can do it.
I know what I wanna say.
Sometimes when you're put on the
spot, your true feelings come out.
I was never good enough!
You got with another girl...
I thought I was over Gary
but obviously I'm not.
...who is shit craic...
(Chloe guffaws)
...and abandoned me!
I'm still angry you're still
with Lillie! (voice cracks)
Oh, my God!
Oh!
I suppose part of us
is always gonna love him.
And it's taken Gary leaving
for me to see it.
We're back in the house.
The beach was pure mint
but tonight
is gonna go fucking off.
It is a bit weird Gaz not being
here. I haven't had an argument.
You haven't been launching objects.
I know.
I thinking, "When am I gonna get
chucked about?"
Tonight will be wicked,
even though Gaz isn't here.
Let's go out, get fucking mortal.
I'm on the pull tonight.
I'm not getting pied again. Nae go.
If you don't pull, are you gonna use
Chloe as a back-up?
It depends how pissed I am.
Marty better not be using Chloe
as a back-up plan.
She got fucked about by Scott
and she doesn't need it off him.
She's grafting us.
Mate, it's not a good thing.
When I got grafted, I felt like
a fucking scratch-post.
What's happening?
Just finishing up a bit of make-up.
I still haven't spoke to Chloe
and it's horrible
that we're avoiding each other. She's
supposed to be one my best friends.
What'll happen with Chloe?I hope
we'll be able to make friends.
I don't like the awkwardness.
We haven't spoke and it's horrible.
It's a shame it's come to this.
I think she wanted to make
a mountain out of a...
What's that saying?
A mountain out of a road hump.
Me and Marnie didn't really click
when she first came in
and even though
this is a shit situation,
it's brought we closer together.
I'm fucking horny.
No-one in this house is having sex.
Got a vibrator.
Exactly, there's a vibrator here.
Have anyone used it? I've never
gone this long without sex before.
When Kyle was here,
I used to get it all the time
and now look at me.
I'm sniffing a fucking dildo!
I'm the only one getting action
at the minute. Why?
I've been tashing on with Marty
and having a fumble
but that's not enough. I want sex.
I did try to touch his willy
but I don't think he wanted us to.
Why? Why?
I think he wants to wait.
(all laugh)
Marty wants to wait? Wait for what?
Chloe to pop the question?
Right, then.
Fucking ready to bounce, like!
It's weird Gaz not being here
but it's not gonna stop we
from having a wicked night.
Lads, we're going oot.
(all) Cheers!
Cheers, you fucking rascals!
(all laugh and squeal)
Fucking hair just went down!
We're in Bijoux
and the place is pumping.
(all cheer)
Time to party, bitches!
The club is bouncing
but I can't enjoy myself
until I've made up with Chloe.
This argument has gone on
way too long.
I just hope that Chloe and Marnie
can make up
cos at the end of the day,
Marty isn't worth it.
Me and Chloe were once so close.
She was my best friend.
I don't want it to be like this.
I just want her back.
Arguing with Marnie
has really upset us.
Our friendship means more
than a argument,
especially over a lad
she doesn't even like.
Howay, let's not argue over Marty.
Let's get fucking mortal
and be friends.
I'm glad that we've cleared the air.
Chloe's my best friend
and I hate us fighting.
Now time to get mortal.
Marnie is looking fucking fit
and she's all over us.
So surely we'll end up
in the Shag Pad tonight.
It's just so weird without Gary.
It just doesn't feel right.
He's been gone a while now.
What the fuck is he doing?
I'm so glad that me and Charlotte
are friends again.
Without Gary being here,
she's like a lost puppy.
But with that hair,
more like a poodle.
I can tell by just looking at Holly
that she's really down
and I'm really worried about her.
In this house, nobody likes
my relationship with Kyle
and it's making us feel like
I don't belong here any more.
I miss the old Holly
but I just gotta accept
that nothing's gonna change
while she's with Kyle. The twat.
Well, to be fair, Holly,
you're kind of right.
I miss not having Kyle around
but this is one head-fuck
I don't wanna think about.
I just wanna get mortal
and try and have a good time.
I've pulled two birds.
This is fucking mint.
This morning I woke up in Marty's
bed and I actually do like him
so for him to bring two lasses over,
it's a kick in the fanny, like.
This little quiff-shit
has only just arrived.
He's caused so much drama already
and I hope
he doesn't fuck Chloe about.
He better not be another Scott.
Marty might be new to the house
but he's acting like the rest
of the lads. What an idiot.
Marty thinks he's pure wicked
cos he's having a three-way kiss.
I've had about 4,000 of them, kid.
You fucking menage-a-twat.
Marty can take his threesome
and shove it up his arse.
I'm off to pull a fucking worldie.
I can't believe how quick
I've actually pulled a lad.
I'm actually proper buzzing myself.
(farts, giggles)
Chloe's necking on
with some little radgie
and I cannot wait to tell Marty.
Revenge is sweet,
you little pencil dick.
Seeing Chloe neck on
with that fucking radgie
has made us realise I like her a
little bit more than what I thought.
That kid needs to go.
Off you pop, mate.
Look who's come crawling back.
As soon as Chloe pulls,
Marty's all over her
like a tramp on chips.
I don't know what the fuck Marty
said to my lad but he's put him off.
Hang on a minute.
I think he's jealous.
And I like it!
Now that little knacker
has finally nashed,
it's time to get back to the house
and put some graft in with Chloe.
Hello!
(all laughing)
We're all so drunk. What better way
to end the night than a lap dance?
Oh! I'm so glad that me and Marnie
have finally made up.
I really missed our sexy time.
(screaming)
Lap dancing? More like crap dancing.
The girls are fucking mortal.
Oh! She kissed that bitch! Oh!
She just kissed her vagina.
I can't believe what I'm seeing.
Normally, I would pay good money
for this shit.
She kissed her on the lips.
I've had a great night
but it's time for bed
and there's only one place
I wanna sleep
and that's Gary's bed.
Marnie was a nice starter but now
I'm ready for the main course.
Come here, Marty.
You know I like ya?
We're necking on
and I hear voices from my boxers.
It's my balls telling us
to get Chloe in that Shag Pad now.
Wanna go there now?
Let's go now.
Ooh, Shag Pad! Whoo!
My clit has been kicking off and
I finally got Marty in the Shag Pad.
This night can't be any better.
I am so horny.
We're kissing, we're touching.
Wait there. Something isn't right.
This never happens. Honestly.
Never, ever happens.
I'm fucking embarrassed
and the words
that come out my mouth is...
Love you as a friend?
For fuck's sake.
What is this house doing to me?
Honestly.
Martin, I actually don't care.
What the fuck? I've been waiting
for this all night.
I'm young, I'm dumb
and I'm not full of cum.
I was like,
"I'm not getting a stiffy."
A floppy cock is no laughing matter
but this is fucking hilarious.
I do really wanna spend the night
with Aaron
but I feel obliged, as a friend,
to give Chloe some attention.
And we have just made up.
We have to go to bed with each other.
I have been feeling horny all night.
I am getting fucked.
I'm gonna fuck a fucking dildo.
There's only one thing for it.
Where's my dildo?!
(both giggling)
If in doubt, pull the plastic out.
Me and Marnie are just bezzies.
Not lezzies.
Agh! Oh, my God!
I mean, I'll just take one
for the team.
What else are friends for?
21-year-old stallion,
can't even get a fucking stiffy up.
I've woke up
with morning fucking glory.
Why weren't you working last night?
Felt like whacking it up floppy.
Marty Droopy Dick.
Marty Soft Cock McKenna.
That's got a canny good ring to it,
I reckon.
The floppiest cock
in the North-East.
The new lad is getting ripped
to bits but to be fair to him,
he's taking it on the chin
and that's what being a lad
in this house is all about.
Do you remember what I remember?
Maybe. I know me and Chloe
only just made up yesterday
but I think we took it
a little bit too far.
I'm so embarrassed.
You know what they say.
Sharing's caring! (laughs)
Listen, this is how good
the vibration is.
Jesus, sounds like
a fucking sledgehammer. Hello?
(giggling)
I am gutted about what happened
between me and Marty last night
because I do like him.
I'm actually a bit embarrassed.
And friend-zone? What's that about?
That was my first night out
without Gary since he's gone.
What did you think?
It was a bit weird, wasn't it?
I've woke up in Gary's bed.
It's been a long time
since that happened.
And he's not even here!
What do you think's going on?
It must be serious
for him to be away for this long.
I just hope he's all right.
Gary still isn't back.
He's been away far too long
and now I'm starting to get worried.
We're all proper rough
from last night
and the girls have barely moved
all day.
Right, then. Let's get ready.
I've been away from the house
for what feels like forever.
Walking back through this door,
I am so nervous.
I've got some massive news
for everyone
but I'm not sure
how it's gonna go down.
Hello?
I'm in the boys' bedroom
and I can hear Gary's voice.
It's fucking about time
that kid is back in this house.
Hey! Gary's back! (laughs)
It's Gary. He's back!
Hi, handsome!Get everyone down.
Everybody's upstairs
so I called them all down.
I'm pure buzzing that Gaz is back
but why the fuck's he calling
a house meeting?
This is the one place where bad news
always gets broken.
(exhales) Here it goes.
Gaz has called everyone to the sofa
but he's standing there
and he hasn't took his coat off.
What the fuck is going on?
Right. First of all,
I wanna say sorry for leaving.
That's the only thing.
I'm trying to talk to everyone
but my lip's going,
my knees are going.
Erm, I had to go
and talk to a few people.
The people that are closest to me.
He looks like he's so nervous
to tell us something
and I'm actually shaking.
Obviously, I've came back
to tell yous that...
(sighs) Erm...
I literally can't live in this house
any longer.
No.
No, no, no, no, no!
No, no, no, no. I'm not leaving.
I can't live in this house
in a relationship.
Oh, fuck me!
Fucking hell!
(chuckles)
Oh, my good God!
So the decision I've made,
erm... after a lot of thought is...
erm, I've finished with Lillie
and I'm back.
Gary's back and he's single!
What the fuck?!
So I'm not going anywhere,
I'm staying.
My heart burst out of my chest.
I wouldn't wish upon my worst enemy
what I've just been through
in the last few days.
It's one of the hardest things
I've ever had to do.
Buck Squad back in action, mate.
The kid's back and he's single. The
fucking Buck Squad is back on form.
That's if he even knows what to do
any more.
Aw!
The family's back together. Now let's
go upstairs, get ready for tonight.
How do you feel?It's a sad time.
Gary must be feeling awful but...
I know I've said I'd be scared
if Gary was single again
but I don't feel scared.
I just feel really fucking excited!
You need to get dressed up,
get sexy.
Get dressed, let's get ready.
I look like a lumberjack.
We're getting ready,
I'm buzzing that Gary's back
but we wanna make sure he's all
right. Breaking up is a big thing.
Has it sank in yet?
It hasn't. Even though I am
single...
It seems so weird even saying that.
If there's one bunch of people
that can take my mind off
what I've done,
it's them crazy little fuckers
I live with so bring on tonight.
To be honest with ya,
I just wanna have fun with my mates
and get over the whole thing
I've done.
Let's go out tonight, have fun,
celebrate that I'm single
and enjoy tonight.
The boys are all together,
Marty's playing with his
floppy cock. Tonight'll be wicked.
Fucking go for it!
I am so confused. There is so much
going on in my head right now,
I don't know what to do with myself.
It's been a long time
since me and Gary have been single.
Does this mean he's your Gary again?
(all) He was always -
He was always my Gary!
I am made up that Gary
is not leaving us
and I know it means even more
to Charlotte. I am actually buzzing.
Shall we go downstairs
and get a drink?!
Whoo!
Yes!
To family.To family!
Good to have you back, kid!
(all) Family!
(all cheer)
Now that everyone's together,
we're gonna go out tonight
as a family and go pure radge.
Let's go, motherfuckers!
Let's fucking do it.
It feels fucking amazing to be back.
Let's just do this Geordie style.
(all cheer)
Oi, oi!
The boys are back together
so let's get fucking mortal.
Last night I couldn't get a stiffy
so tonight's mission
is to prove to Chloe that I can.
Please work, mate.
Marty has just told us he likes us.
I'm buzzing.
And I'm not in the friend-zone.
What a belter!
I've lined it all up.
#PrayForAStiffy
I keep looking at Charlotte
and I wanna go and speak to her
but for some reason, I'm nervous.
To be honest, I'm just a little bit
pissed off with Gary.
He hasn't even given us
a second look.
Now Gary's come back and told us
the decision he had to make,
it's making me think even more
about Kyle.
Holly's my best friend but I don't
like the person she turns into
when she's with Kyle and that makes
it so hard to talk about this.
Charlotte might not wanna talk
about this tonight
but it's a massive problem for me
and it's not gonna go away.
Scott is still ignoring us
but what do you expect?
His lad's back in the house.
I wanna clear the air with Chantelle
but tonight it's all about Gary
so to avoid kick-offs,
I'll just chat with her tomorrow.
To be honest, I do still like him
but I don't wanna be
made a mug of again.
Hearing what Marnie's saying
does make us feel better
but Scott is still ignoring us
so I don't know what to think.
I still haven't spoke to Charlotte
since I came back single.
I feel awkward.
I can see Gary and Charlotte talking
and they're getting closer.
I know what this means. History
might be about to repeat itself.
How can Gary be nervous around me?
We've known each other
for five years.
We've practically grown up together.
Like, I'm sure I've licked
his arsehole.
This is a hard, weird time for me.
I'm just buzzing
that Charlotte's there for us.
I think that Gary's trying to say
that he likes us
and this makes us so scared
because I know that
I still like him too.
It's wicked having the family back
together and it's made us realise
how much everyone means to us.
It's also made us realise
there's something I should've done
a long time ago.
Aaron is taking us on a date.
I am so happy.
By asking us out on a date,
it shows that there's more to this
than just a drunken snog.
I am buzzing.
Ohhhh!
We've all had such a great night.
Now it's time to get back to
the house and carry on the part-ay!
Me and Marty are in the taxi
and I feel like I'm in a movie
but I just can't wait
to take my clothes off!
(Marty giggles)
Why is it always me
that gets stuck in a taxi
with the horny fucking bastards?
It's quite romantic
if you think about it.
(moaning)
It sounds like this.
(slapping)
(moans)
Where's the chicken nuggets?
We're back in the ken
and Chloe's pure mortal.
(shouts)
Any dick-shaped food
she comes across,
goes straight in her fucking gob.
We've had a wicked night
so me and Marnie are heading
straight to that Shag Pad.
I love getting it on with Aaron but
I'm not gonna go the full way yet,
not until he's taken us
on a really nice date.
I finally get Marnie in the Shag Pad
and all she wants to do is cuddle.
At this rate, I'm gonna have to
rename it the Snuggle Pad.
I am absolutely fucking mortal
and there's only one place
left for me. That's my bed.
No, man.
I want to.
No. All I want to do
is go to fucking sleep
but all Chloe's doing is following
us around like a horny shadow.
Nash on.
Fuck knows what's happening
with Marty.
One minute he's in bed with Chloe
then he's trashing the fucking
bedroom. The kid's lost the plot.
Marty's having a scuff
with the wardrobe
and in all honesty, I think
the wardrobe's just decked him.
Last night his cock didn't work
and tonight none of him works.
What the fuck?
I've woken up to some news
and I'm gonna have to leave.
I've had an absolutely amazing time
in this house
but I need to go.
Good morning, everyone.
Morning.
Morning, Scott! This is the closest
we've been in a while.
We're basically in the same bed!
Why the fuck are you in this room?
Where's Martin?Marty went
fucking berserk last night.
I don't know where he is
but hopefully he's calmed down.
Did you kiss?Obviously.
Did you do anything else?
Yes. Chloe got fingered by Marty
in the taxi. What?!
No, I didn't.
You did, I seen it!
Fingered in a taxi? Shut up, Nathan.
It felt good, though.
(cringes)
Was I dreaming or... did you ask
to take me on a date today?
Today's the day me and Marnie
are going on our first ever date.
It's been a long time coming
and I'm buzzing.What was that?
I did, man. Shut up, you dick.
Maybe if you impress us on this date
we could take our relationship
to the next level.
Aaron taking us on this date
makes us so happy.
This is the type of feeling
I've wanted ever since I walked in.
I've come downstairs
expecting to see Marty
and all I can see
is a message on the board.
Yous!
What?What? What?
Come here, please! Chloe's went
downstairs and it's apparent
there's something up.
What the fuck's going on now? What?
Marty's gone.
What?
"Had to leave at short notice.
Sorry I didn't get to say goodbye.
Marty."
What?
Why would he go?
I'm fucking gutted. It's typical.
As soon as I get close to someone,
something happens.
(all laugh)
I can't understand why he's gone.
Maybe just one floppy cock joke
too many.
(laughter)
Man, it's minging.
I don't, man. I've brushed my teeth
in Listerine.
I've just told the girls that Aaron
has finally asked us out on a date
and they're all buzzing for us.
Aaron, you getting ready
for that date?
Look at her arse.
Her little bum.
By taking Marnie out on this date,
I hope she can see how much
I do really like her.
Fuck, lasses. Getting excited
already? See yous later.(all) Bye!
If I wasn't nervous already,
now I'm even more nervous.
Aaron looks so handsome.They look
so cute together, don't they?
I'm so happy for Marnie because
I know how much she likes Aaron
and they look perfect together.
Aaron's taking us for ice cream.
This date couldn't have started
any better.
I can't believe after what
we've been through
that I'm on a date with you.
Two years later.
Two years later. I literally feel
like such a school girl.
This is the cutest date ever.
Oh, there's waffles and that.
Crepes and that remind me of Greece.
Do they?Which wasn't a good time,
Marns, cos you were engaged.
When she got engaged in Greece,
I thought I had lost her.
But now she's back in my life,
I am buzzing
and I certainly
won't be losing her again.
Aaron.
What?
(laughs)
I'm trying to be sexy.
Is this not what every girl does
on a date?
I'm giving Marnie a sneak peak
of what she could be getting later
if she's lucky.Oh. Aaron,
you've got a good technique there.
I'm getting flutters.
Fanny flutters.Fanny flutters.
I've always liked Aaron but this date
has made us realise
how much I actually do like him.
Tonight's the final night,
which is family night.
Which means no pulling, no arguing.
It's all about family love.
Boys, we started with us four
and we're back to us four.
It kind of feels right.
It does.
So, Aaron. Tonight, mate.
Are you gonna dip the wick?
(all laugh)
Hopefully. We had a good date.
I do think me and Marnie
have got something special
so hopefully tonight
we can take it one step further.
It's the last night and it feels
so nice to be sitting here
with all the girls who I class
as my sisters getting ready together
and all being on good terms.
Tonight's gonna be good,
everyone's friends.
I'm gonna put my chicken hat on
to make us feel better.
I'm gutted Marty's not here.
I know Chloe's missing Martin
so I'm gonna make sure that
she has fun on our last night.
I just wanna say thank you
for welcoming us into the family.
I'm gonna get emotional.
Oh, don't get emotional!
Being accepted into this group
is the most I could've wished for
and I really feel like
part of the family.
I genuinely do love yous and yous
have made us feel so welcome.
I know me and Chantelle
haven't always seen eye to eye
but she's great and this family
wouldn't be the same without her.
(all cheer)
Last night!
Party squad. We've had
arguments, fights, kick-offs
but we always pull through
so let's go out
and have an absolutely amazing
final night.
Let's get fucked up. To the family!
(all cheer)
Everybody's up for tonight,
looking fresh as fuck.
Tonight is gonna go off.
We get into the club,
it's our final night,
the music is bouncing.
It's gonna be a good one.
I fucking love
every single one of yous.
(all cheer)
There's been a big atmosphere
between me and Chantelle
but seeing as it's the last night,
I wanna clear the air.
It's been hard not speaking to Scott
because I do really like him
so his apology means a lot to us.
As it's the last night, fuck it.
Why not? Get over here
and give us a kiss.
Fuck me, Scott and Chantelle
are necking on.
I wasn't expecting that
after all their drama.
I take that as apology accepted.
You've still got it, kid!
(all) One, two, three, lads!
It's the last night
so I'm determined to put my problems
to the back of my mind and
have a good time with the family.
We're all having such a good night,
we're all mortal drunk
and I love being with the family.
Even Holly's having a good time.
Me and Charlotte have always had
a special relationship
but now we're both single,
I'm questioning
how I actually feel about her.
There's always been an obstacle
in our way and now there isn't one.
So what the fuck is going to happen?
I can tell by Charlotte's face,
she's also a little bit nervous
but now we're both single,
we're nervous...
but a little bit excited.
Who knows what is gonna happen in
the future with me and Gary
but the one thing I do know
is that my last night
is gonna be spent spooning Gary.
It's been so long since I've been
single, I've forgotten what to do.
(laughs) Have I, fuck.
(guffaws)
Me and Marnie are getting on
really well.
That date definitely done the trick.
Surely tonight has to be the night.
Marnie and Aaron look like
a proper couple tonight
and after all the drama they've been
through, it's about fucking time.
Me and Marnie are both mortal
and we're both falling over.
It's times like these where I know
she's definitely my best friend.
Everyone's having a wicked time.
None of us want this to end
so we've decided to go
and have a walk down the Quayside.
Tonight I was supposed to take Aaron
home for a night of amazing sex.
Instead, Scott is carrying us
out the club.
Great.
We're all having such a laugh
but I can see that Holly's got
something on her mind
so I stayed behind with her
and chatted.
When Gary came back,
it made us realise
I have a massive decision to make.
My relationship with Kyle
means the world to me
but so does my family.
I can't really be in this house
in a relationship
with someone who's on the outside
cos it doesn't ever work.
I'm gonna have to choose
this house or him.
Me and Holly stepped through
that door together on the first day
and we've been best friends
ever since.
You know how much I love ya
and how much I want you to be here
more than anyone else
in the whole entire world.
That girl is not just
my best friend, she is my sister
and seeing her like this
really makes my heart ache.
We all love you so much and we've
all got your best interest at heart.
That's why it's making it so hard.
You're my best friend
and you always will be.
If you are gonna think about this,
please think about it properly.
You promise us you will?
(whispers) Promise.
Charlotte is my best friend and her
being there for me means everything.
We've gone through such a tough time
but I think that just shows
how strong our friendship is.
It's been an absolute amazing night
and I'm gutted it's come to an end.
This is what I call
a fucking family night.Oi, oi.
None of us want tonight to end
and we're feeling
all sentimental and shit.
I've had the best night ever
and there's no place I'd rather be
when I'm single. Back here.
This time around, I made
one of the hardest decisions
I've ever had to make
but standing here right now,
I know I made the right decision.
All I'm gonna say
is how much I love all of yous.
(all) Yeah!
I wouldn't be anything without yous.
I wasn't here from the start
but I'm so happy to be back.
I'm so lucky to have
this big fucked up family.
When I say "fam," you say "ily".
Fam....
(all) ...ily!
Fam...
This time there's been
more kick-offs than ever
but we always come through
at the end. We're family
and they fucking mean the world
to me. I fucking love all of yous!
(all shout)
(all cheer)
Let's just do this Geordie style.
It's time to get... # mortaaaal #
Hi!
Fucking fresh fanny.
Oi, oi.He looks like
a skinny Justin Bieber.
Hi! (all squeal)
I'm back!
You what?
(all cheer)
We're on the pull!
Why is your tongue in my vagina?!
Ooh!
(moaning)
Wicked.
What?!
What?! Girlfriend?
Fuck me, it's funny.
Let the grafting begin.
(screaming)
(both gasp)He's so like
the real Gary, it's freaky.
Smooth, Chloe. Smooth.
This is fucking brilliant.
(laughs)
I wouldn't change it
for the fucking world.(all cheer)
It gets harder and harder
to say bye to these little radgies
but I know, at the end of the day,
we're such a strong family.
We might be a bunch
of absolute nut-cases
but we're a family and
I absolutely love them to bits.
It's time to go and I'm feeling like
an absolute emotional wreck.
This is so hard.
But I've gained a family
who I love to bits.
Agh. Bye!
Bye!
This time around has literally been
fucking amazing.
Bye, Aaron. See yas.
Bye, I love you.
(all) Aw!
(Marnie giggles)
The thing is, with me and Aaron,
we're never off the table.
This could be it. I wanna be
with him.Bye, everyone! Love yous!
Leaving the house, we're all in
a good place. I remained faithful
and I've had a fucking wicked time.
(honks horn) Bye, everyone!
I love yous.
I'm leaving this house knowing that
I've gotta make a massive decision.
It's the family or Kyle.
It's just us. Again.
Let's just get this
friends bollocks...(laughs)
...out the way
cos it's a bit more than that.
Well, is it?
We'll see how it goes.
We're both single now.
Let's make a pact, right?
I promise you I'll be single
the next time.
Right. And I promise you
I'll be single.
Cos I think I would like...
to see the parsnip again.
(both laugh) I'm getting that rabbit.
Shit. The rabbits.
Me and Gary are leaving this house
more than just friends
and we've promised
we're gonna come back in single.
You get Charlotte and I'll get Gary.
So I suppose...
let's just see what happens.
(exhales)
(phone rings)
"Guys, it's Anna.
Where the hell are yous?
You best not have gone far
cos I'm gonna need you
back to his house A-S-A-P."
# Everyone's here to party
# If you wanna go wild
You wanna go wild
# Everyone's here to party
# If you wanna go wild
You wanna go
# Everyone's here to party
# If you wanna go wild
You wanna go wild
# Everyone's here to party
Let's party party
# Gonna go wild
Let's party hard
# We're gonna go wild
Wanna go wild
# Let's party hard
Going hard going hard going hard #
.